We warmly welcome you dear brothers and sisters for our first JW Broadcasting
monthly program. Here are some of the highlights you can look forward to. You will
hear the exciting story of a brother who found the truth at the age of 87. We also
have an archive interview with brother Theodore Jarrah's about how we can
overcome opposition. And you will see a music video about wildlife as a
Christian is the best life ever. The governing body has approved this station on
a trial basis initially in the English language only based on the response
from viewers. And your support of this new arrangement it is hoped that other
languages will enjoy the same in the future. In addition to having our videos
available on demand, JW Broadcasting will feature an encouraging monthly
program hosted by member of the governing body. This month on behalf of the
governing body I would like to address the young ones in our congregations. But
before we do so, we thought you would like to see the behind the scenes work that
went into creating this beautiful studio. Please watch this short explanatory
video. It is evident that JW Broadcasting has Jehovah's Blessing. Those involved
in preparing the studio, the equipment, and the content all said that they could
feel Jehovah's Hand directing every step, every decision, every day. Upon
learning of its intended purpose, many long days went into planning its
design and what it would take to construct it and have it ready as soon as possible.
Research that usually takes months was completed in days. The purchasing
department ordered hundreds of items in record time starting of course with the
items that required the most lead time. In the meantime, a scout team got busy
searching for a suitable location and a good one was found in the office
complex at 30 Columbia Heights. Sensing Jehovah's direction on this endeavor,
the brothers vacated the entire area in just one week. The maintenance departments
then prepared the room for television production while the design team
diligently worked on the look of the set. Color and lighting were key pieces in
conveying a dignified, yet modern feel. The approved design was then
translated into an actual set by the construction crew. Many brothers and
sisters from around the U.S. were called into assist. After only a few days, the
equipment started to arrive. Miles of cables were installed and the technical
team had to ensure that all of the pieces of hardware and software worked well
together. Simultaneously, the orchestra was recording the theme music in our
audio video studios at Patterson. Brothers and sisters from all over the world
contributed with their skills. But a television studio is no good without
content. Video productions were immediately started by the film crews, scripts
had to be prepared, and reenactment scheduled. When the set was finished, the
equipment installed, and the videos completed, the team started rehearsing the
program that you are now watching. We asked an industry professional how long it
would normally take to complete a studio and project of this size. He said
without hesitating, at least a year and a half. Yet our hardworking brothers and
sisters accomplished this monumental task in just two months. This just emphasizes
the fact that when Jehovah wants something done, there is nothing that can
stop him. Some of the materials and all of the work on this studio were
donated, which we very much appreciate. Still, as you can see, there was a
significant outlay of funds to complete the project. Some of you may be
wondering why we would embark on a project like this here in Brooklyn,
knowing full well that in a little over two years, Jehovah willing, we will be
moving World Headquarters to Warwick, New York. Number one, we wanted you
brothers and sisters to benefit from this initiative as soon as possible. And
two, everything acquired and purchased for this studio will be transferred to
the Warwick area except the pain on the walls and the pain on the floor. So
really, it is an investment that we're hopeful with your support can be used on
into the years ahead. I want to address the theme, young ones, you are loved by
Jehovah and his organization. Young ones, you are loved by Jehovah and his
organization. But now, when we say young ones, to whom are we referring? As
evidence of Jehovah's love, some may immediately think of the animated series
of videos entitled Become Jehovah's Friend Feaching Featuring, Caleb and
Sophia. And that has indeed been evidence of Jehovah's and the governing
body's love for little children. We have gotten hundreds of letters of
appreciation for this series from small children and their parents and even
from grandparents. But what about you teenagers? You two are still young when
compared to adulthood and you are appreciated very much when you show your
respect and love for Jehovah. There's a Bible indicate anything about Jesus
disposition as a teenager. There are comments about him as an infant. Also in the
book of Luke, it describes Jesus as a child of 12 years old. Let's look at that
account and determine if it also includes any comments about Jesus'
attitude as a teenager. In Luke chapter 2, verse 42, it describes Jesus as a
pre-teen in saying this, Luke 2 42, and when he was 12 years old, they went up
according to the custom of the festival. When the days of the festival were
over and they were returning, the boy Jesus remained behind in Jerusalem and his
parents did not notice it. So his parents went looking for him and finally found
him three days later. What was Jesus focused on as a 12-year-old? He was sitting
in the temple talking with the teachers about Jehovah. Notice verse 47, but all
those listening to him were in constant amazement at his understanding and his
answers. What a good example for you children 12 years of age and younger to
talk about Jehovah with confidence. But what was Jesus' attitude like as a
teenager? Please follow along in verses 51 and 52. Then he, Jesus, went down with
them and returned to Nazareth and he continued subject to them. That is to his
parents. How old was he? 12, but what comes after 12? 13. Notice verse 52, and Jesus
went on progressing. You see after 12, he went on progressing in wisdom and in
physical growth and in favor with God and man. Evidently then, Jesus was in
intelligent well-balanced teenager. But who took note of his progress as a
teen? It said God and man. Yes, godly children and teenagers are appreciated by
Jehovah and by spiritual men. Jehovah in his organization love all you young
ones who are striving to do what is right. But how do we know that Jehovah loves
all of you? Well, if you have your Bible, turn to Matthew chapter 19 and here we
say that Jesus showed his high regard for young ones. So Matthew chapter 19,
notice verses 13 and 14. Then young children were brought to him, for him to
place his hands on them and offer prayer. But the disciples reprimanded them. They
did not want the young ones to bother Jesus. But notice verse 14, Jesus, however,
said, let the young children alone. And do not try to stop them from coming to me for
the kingdom of the heavens belongs to such ones. Yes, Jesus welcomed young ones. And
the Bible tells us that Jesus is the perfect reflection of Jehovah. So Jesus was
imitating Jehovah's love for young ones. After many wise sayings and performing
miracles, Matthew chapter 21 describes Jesus riding into Jerusalem as Jehovah's
anointed one. Please notice the difference between some of the adults reactions
and that of appreciative young ones. Matthew 21 and verse 15 tells us this, when
the chief priest and the scribe saw the marvelous things he did and the boys
who were shouting in the temple, save we pray the son of David, they became
indignant. Who was boldly praising Jesus? The scripture said that the boys were
shouting out praise. What a contrast those young ones were to the religious
leaders who were irritated by all of this. Young people, when you speak up
about Jehovah and Jesus, they both take notice of you. They are proud of your
stand for the truth. But how do you know that the governing body and the
organization loves you? Well, they have published many books and magazine
articles specifically for young ones. In addition to all of the printed
material, there are the Becomes Jehovah's Friend videos for children. But
you teenagers, have you been keeping up with all of the information specifically
for you on JW.org? There are dozens of printed articles on an array of
subjects that interest those of your age. In so many ways, Jehovah and his
organization show their love and appreciation for all you dear young ones. What
can you young ones do in return? You may say, I go to all the meetings and out in
service. Well, that is wonderful. Some of you may have even joined the
Theocratic ministry school already, and you help clean and maintain the kingdom
hall. We warmly commend you for your good works. But if you think about it, even
more important, is having a good personal relationship with Jehovah. In Luke
chapter 10, verse 27, it says, you must love Jehovah your God with your whole
heart and with your whole soul and with your whole strength and with your whole
mind. To love Jehovah with your whole heart means that you have a good personal
relationship with him. That involves more than just doing good things. It involves
praying to him about what is in your heart. Tell him everything you love and
whatever you fear. You can tell Jehovah very personal things. He is not going to
tell anyone else. But he can give you the strength and wisdom to handle matters
for the best possible outcome. Set up your own personal Bible study program in
addition to family worship evening. This is how Jehovah communicates back to you and
your relationship with him will be strengthened. You are the next generation of
adults in Jehovah's organization. We continue to need spiritually qualified
ones to get Jehovah's work done. A good relationship with Jehovah's
youth sets you up for the best way of life as a responsible adult. Along the way
though, you will face pressure from Satan's system that can test your faith. But by
loving Jehovah with your whole heart, you can get through any test you may
encounter. And I mean any test that you may encounter. Some tests come from your
schoolmates. For example, due to a lack of proper training, some resort to
becoming a bully in school. These ones seem to enjoy making life miserable for
others. Watch the following video and see how faithful one from the past can
give us the strength to endure such mistreatment. If I had known what was going to
happen that day, I probably would have stayed in bed. My name is Ethan. I'm 14 years
old. And like any teenager, the first day of school can be a little scary. In
junior high, there's always someone who wants to cause trouble. So there I was. The
first day in my new class, all I wanted to do was make a good first impression and
stay out of trouble. But it came looking for me. My life in junior high was now over.
I started to imagine what the rest of the year might be like. It wasn't a pretty
picture. Things got better when I talked to dad. I told him everything that
happened that day. He listened to me, told me we would face it together and make it
the subject of our next family worship. Dad said, we're going to talk about a
real challenge David faced and what helped him. David had enemies that were
determined to hurt him. Instead of taking matters into his own hands, he trusted
in Jehovah. He wasn't weak. In fact, many celebrated his victories. And this
made King Saul very jealous. His friends wanted him to fight Saul. But instead,
he relied on Jehovah. Saul's son Jonathan was a true friend. He warned David when
he was in danger. I learned a lot from that Bible account. Don't take matters in
my own hands. Avoid the bully when possible. Be a real friend to those in trouble. Talk
to someone that can help. Like parents, a teacher, or a responsible adult. And most
importantly, pray to Jehovah and rely on him. That weekend, we went out in service as
a family. You wouldn't believe who came to the door. It was the bully. I quickly said
prayer. I started with my presentation. I even showed him a video. You know, my
parents used the Bible to give me the confidence I needed to deal with a bully.
As indicated, there are some practical steps to try to avoid such bullying. However,
did you notice the strength and confidence we can gain from Bible characters of
the past? Our relationship with Jehovah truly can make a difference. But now, we have
a special treat to share with you. From our video archives, we have comments from
Brother Theodore Jaros, who served as a member of the governing body before he died and
received his heavenly reward. Young ones, this illustrates that weathering
tests of faith as a young person can mold us for a long life of faithful service.
Brother Jaros recounts what he had to face as a young man.
During World War II, time was pioneering. When we go back to that period of time, it was
a different era. Many times individuals would even threaten you. They were going to run
you out of the community or out of the neighborhood and sometimes even resort to other threats.
And I have some vivid recollections of what it was like. I was a young man at the time.
It was a joy to be out in the ministry, but you had to be very equipped to be ready to
give an answer if the hope that it was as in you and to uphold the position that a Christian
should take in such turbulent times. The organization published a very fine article
that was very timely on the subject of neutrality. That appeared in the November 1, 1939 issue
of the watchtower. It defined what neutrality meant. When it comes to being in support of
some cause, we were 100% in support of the kingdom. We were representing God's kingdom
as God's ambassadors or envoys here upon the earth. And so we could not engage in any
of the world's controversies or share in their war efforts because we were not taking sides.
The convention in St. Louis was held during the period of the war. The convention program
pressed upon my mind the need for keeping integrity. And in doing that, we would be upholding
Jehovah's sovereignty. When it came time for recruiting young men, and we had to register
for the draft, why the brothers already knew what their position would be. But since
the World War II was raging, here in this country, especially, there was a lot of patriotic
fervor. And the attitude of people was that if you weren't in the army as a young man,
and you were either considered to be unfit or else you were a draft dodger. And so when
we went out in the field ministry, many times people would abuse you verbally, especially
if they were opposed. There was some provision in the United States Selective Service Act
that allowed for ministers to be exempted. But for the most part, only pioneers and some
who may have had appointed positions in the congregation were given recognition as ministers.
That was rare. But most of the brothers had to go to prison. And they were prepared
for this. They knew what was in store. And they made a firm stand for Jehovah's Righteous
Cause. And I enjoyed preaching. But I was prepared to do like many of the other brothers were ready
to do. And that was to go to prison if we had to and suffer for righteousness sake.
This is a group we were unpopular. And there was a lot of publicity given to mob violence or
beatings or perhaps other things that people were not in agreement with as far as Jehovah's
Witnesses are concerned. On the other hand, there were many honest hearted people who really
listened to the Kingdom message. We found a lot of sheep like ones and they were sympathetic
to us. They had a love for the Bible. We had many home Bible studies that were being conducted
at that time. Though we will always refer to the precedent that we have in the position that
Jesus Christ took when he was before pilot and Roman official. And as Jesus pointed out, his
kingdom was no part of this world. And since we represent God's kingdom, we're sort of aliens
in this world representing that government. And so as a result, that's where our allegiance
belongs. So that does not mean that we're seditionist, that we're opposed to human governments.
It simply means that we're neutral. This helped to strengthen the brothers. Because when they
saw others holding fast to the truth and maintaining their integrity, and that was a challenge in
those turbulent days, that to steal them for opposition that they had to face. So rather than
frightening our brothers, as the Apostle Paul pointed out, we should not be frightened by our
opponents. Our brothers were really filled with a greater measure of Jehovah's spirit which enabled
them to be bold and also to be fearless in declaring the truth. With we take our stand firmly on
Jehovah's side and support that side, then we're going to succeed in accomplishing what he wants us
to do. He's backing us up. And as Jesus promised, he would be with us down to the conclusion of the
system of things we experienced that. As the Prophet's Echariah wrote, it's not by human might
or power, but by my spirit. It would be impossible for humans to do what Jehovah accomplished.
We have to get him full credit for things that have transpired. And it's a marvel in our eyes when
we look back to see how he did it. We were simply instruments in his hand. And he maneuvered us,
he guided us by his spirit, and we tried to be responsive to the way that spirit led us.
What a fine record of faithfulness brother Jarrah's built up from his youth and from decades
thereafter. Although his experience dated back to World War II, today over 600 witnesses worldwide
are imprisoned for remaining neutral in world affairs. Join us as we visit the legal department
at World Headquarters. They work tirelessly to help our brothers legally and to protect our rights
to publicly witness to others. Please watch. In carrying out the responsibility to do God's will,
it's true. One on one at the same time. Jehovah's witnesses have met with legal challenges.
All right, children, let's stand for the pledge of allegiance. These challenges have been many
and at times severe. There's no time to lose. We need to get on a surgery right away,
and we need to prepare for blood transfer. This has led to the establishment of a legal department,
which is located at the Watchtower Educational Center in Patterson, New York.
Under the direction of the governing body and the United States Branch Committee,
the legal department works to protect our legal rights to worship. When restrictions are placed
on our activities, we work to defend and legally establish the good news. Let's examine a case
that was taken all the way to the United States Supreme Court. The town of Stratton, Ohio passed
an ordinance requiring anyone wanting to engage in door-to-door activity to obtain a permit from
the mayor. The ordinances that were enacted were specifically designed to restrict the activity
of Jehovah's witnesses. The witnesses tried to work the matter out with the municipality with the
village, but the village was insistent. Our brothers and sisters obtained permits prior to
going from door-to-door. This permit scheme was upheld in the lower courts in Ohio.
Thus, the case was appealed to the United States Supreme Court. The Supreme Court ruled in our
favor and held that such ordinances are unconstitutional as applied to the public ministry of Jehovah's
witnesses. Even now, we still have some municipalities that would like to enforce their
permit regulation against our brothers and sisters. We turn their attention to the Stratton
decision and the issue is resolved. Since 1919, Jehovah's witnesses have obtained 50 victories
before the United States Supreme Court. Just as extraordinary, we have prevailed in the European
Court of Human Rights over 50 times. Jehovah's witnesses do not seek confrontation. They prefer to
quietly serve God, but when events unfold that force them to stand up and say, I won't do this,
or I have to do that, because my faith compels me to do so. It is remarkable to see the
steel-like determination of these individuals who have looked in the eyes of judges,
magistrates, police officers, and have simply said, I have to obey God.
What part can you play in defending and legally establishing the good news?
You can stay informed of legal developments by means of reports provided by the faithful and
discreet slave. You can ask Jehovah in prayer to give your brothers and sisters the power beyond
what is normal and for his will to be done. Also, you can faithfully maintain your integrity to
Jehovah even when facing opposition. And thank you again for respecting my wishes. You're very welcome.
How grateful we are to Jehovah, who has granted his people the legal victories needed to freely
carry out our worship. I know you have your ministry, but when people call, it is the legal
department's privilege to work shoulders to shoulder with you in defending and legally establishing
the good news. The legal department is just one of many Bethel departments around the globe
that support the governing body's direction to further the preaching of the good news worldwide.
One of the goals many young ones set early on is a possibility of coming to Bethel.
Those who have served in Bethel for any length of time usually will tell you that one of the highlights
is the morning worship program conducted each weekday. Periodically, we will select the pertinent
morning worship to share with you here on JW Broadcasting. In fact, we are pleased to share one now.
These are comments that were shared recently at morning worship. Brother William Malam font
was serving his chairman that morning. Please listen carefully.
We're in the only race that offers the prize of everlasting life to all those who cross the
finish line. It's the only race of that kind. And in this race, we don't compete with one another
for Jehovah's favor. The spirit of competition in this world is out of control. In fact,
can you imagine a professional soccer player resorting to biting a rival in a soccer match?
And really, we see so much competition and so many people in the sports world
who just don't follow the rules of the game. In fact, there are times when I enjoy watching
some sporting events, but there are times when it just sourses me when I look at the attitude
of some of the players and the way they deal with one another and also the egotism and the pride
that's involved with them. There's another thing also that I find almost amusing except for the
individual it is. And in some cases, you can identify the sport that a person may be engaging in
because he's got no front teeth. Now, I won't enumerate what sports I have in mind. I'll leave
that with you. But the point is, we never want to stoop to biting a rival runner in the race
that we're in. It can be done. Let's take our Bible and look at Galatians chapter 5. Galatians chapter
5 and we'll read verses 16, 15 and 16. Here the Apostle Paul wrote to the congregation,
if though you keep on biting and devouring one another, look out that you do not get annihilated
by one another. Well, that has to do with cutting gossip and evil remarks about other people.
And they would argue and fight over words and perhaps even traditions. And
that Paul is telling them, don't do that. And we don't deal that way with our brothers and
sisters. And then in verse 16 he says, but I say, keep walking and we'll insert a word,
they'll keep running by spirit and you will carry out no fleshly desire at all. And that's what
all of us want to do. It's common in races for the faster runners to pass the slower ones.
But we shouldn't be discouraged if someone in the race that we're in passes us. It might
seem that he passes us or she passes us. Maybe the individual has more experience,
a more ability, brighter, but it's not going to make any real difference as to the outcome of the
race as long as we give Jehovah God our best. And we finish the race. And that is a key point for
us to keep in mind. It's the outcome of the race. A runner sometimes stumbles. You've perhaps seen
this in some of these track field and track races or games that they play. And usually if it's a
short race and he stumbles, he's out of it. He's just not going to be able to get back up and
win the race. He may end to finish the race, but he's not a winner. Maybe he falls down,
hurts himself. Well, that can happen. That can happen to us even in the race that we're in,
but the key point with the race we're in, even if we fall down and we stumble, we get back up
and we get going. And who doesn't stumble over something at some time or another that irritates him
or bothers him? But we never stop running the race because all we want to do is stay in the race
and finish it. And something else to keep in mind if a person happens to stumble, even fall to
the ground. Don't look back at what caused it or who caused it. Keep your eyes right in front of
you looking ahead at the course. Because if a person, can you imagine a runner coming around
the track and then looking back constantly to see my, what was it? I tripped over. Who did that to
me? He's going to run into another runner. He's going to be disqualified. He won't be obeying the
rules or he'll just fall down again and he'll be out of the race. So we don't want to look back and
worry about past things, problems or stumbling that took place. We get back up and we get going as
well as we can. Well, right now we're near the end of the race. The goal is almost in sight.
The finish line. What does Paul tell us at Hebrews chapter 12? Hebrews chapter 12 verse 1.
Paul writes, so then because we have such a great cloud of witnesses surrounding us,
who is that great cloud? Well, chapter 11 gives us the names of a lot of faithful people who
ran the race. They finished it. They finished it when they died faithful to Jehovah.
And we have this cloud of witnesses around us. We can read about their life, their experiences.
It's just as though they're on the sidelines in a sense having completed the race and now they're
cheering us on. Finish it. Look at our problems. Look at the things we've done in spite of
difficulties that we've had to face. You can do it too. That's basically what they're telling us.
And then he says, let us also throw off every weight and the sin that easily entangles us.
Well, that's in that easily entangles us as a lack of faith, isn't it? We can drift away,
become irritated over some direction, or perhaps a rule of some kind that we don't particularly
care for, and little by little a person can drift away. But we don't want that to happen to us.
In fact, we can become very anxious about certain things. A key phrase that's good to keep in mind
is reduce anxiety. Whatever we can eliminate from our life to do away with anxiety is a benefit to us.
And then he goes on and he says, and let us run with endurance the race that is set before us.
And we do have some wonderful examples of past runners. Hannah, Ruth,
Jeppe's daughter, Abigail, Moses, Joshua, Caleb, and so many more. So we want to imitate their faith.
And isn't that a wonderful publication we have, imitate their faith? It's a pleasant thing to take
an evening, perhaps each week, and with your mate or with your roommate, go over a chapter of it,
read it out loud and cover the material. It's very inspiring. And we know we can finish the race
we're going to do just what Jesus said. The one that has endured to the end is the one that
will be saved. Just stick with it and give Jehovah our best.
I think you can understand why morning worship is one of the highlights of Bethel Life.
And you will be happy to know that periodically we will post more of these to the video
on-demand portion of JW Broadcasting under the channel, programs, and events. In fact, two more
morning worship comments are now available for your viewing right after this program concludes.
And that is not all. Also under programs and events, we have posted, now listen to this.
The entire graduation of the 137th Class of Gillian.
Additionally, earlier this month, the annual meeting of the Watchtower Bible and Track Society
of Pennsylvania was held in Jersey City, New Jersey. You will be happy to know that the
scriptural talks and related videos can also be viewed on JW Broadcasting
under the programs and events channel. Ecclesiastes 121 tells you young ones
to remember your grand creator in the days of your youth before the sad effects of old age set in.
Very good counsel indeed. But what about those who were not raised in a Christian household?
What about someone who did not learn the truth until he was in his late 80s?
We received a video interview from outside of Bethel that we would like to share with you at this time.
When this was recorded, brother Bert Mann from North Bend, Washington was 91 years old.
My parents died when I was 12 years old. I slept on the cold streets of Chicago,
ate out of garbage cans in order to survive. At age 18, I thought my escape was the army,
but the war left me nothing but nightmares. Then I became a workaholic. I wasn't there for my family
and I regretted it to this day. I came to North Bend at the age of 69 and I became a walker.
And as I would walk, I got to know people. And one day a car pulls up alongside of me and they offered
me some literature. And I said, well, what is this all about? What was your home and witnesses?
I immediately said no because I heard negative things about the witnesses and I believed them.
But they were persistent and they were there every week as I walked. What's the week? They'd
offer me the literature and I always said no. Finally, this is five years went by. I said,
quit being a stubborn mule. At least read it. I put the literature down and at the backside of
the literature, the watchtower, and bowl letters which you'd like a free Bible study caught my eye.
And being a frugal guy and from the old school, I never got anything for nothing. I'm going for it.
The brother I studied with was very patient. And he said, now you can learn the truth
and you can be forgiven. And I couldn't believe what I was hearing.
I knew, I mean, a chance to redeem myself. Well, I certainly want it in the worst way.
After learning the truth, I became baptized at 87 years old.
In my wildest dreams, all my friends can't believe it. Nobody can.
Bert, he's a witness and he's baptized. Wow, if he can do it, anybody could.
I'm so grateful. I have a new life. I have an outlook now. At my age,
there's nothing to look at or the four walls. But now I have brothers and sisters. I have family.
I have family around the world. I can go anywhere and do well.
I'm in my third year of pioneering. What a blessing it's been.
I have finally become something at 91. I'm teaching other people now what the little
that I know. Thank you, Jehovah. 91, and serving as a ministerial servant and regular pioneer.
We're sure looking back that brother man would have loved to have used his whole life
in service to Jehovah. Well, he did not have that opportunity. But it is obvious. He treasures
the privilege now. Truly, being in the truth at any age is the best life anyone could hope for,
even in this present system. That thought brings us to the next segment of our program.
It is a music video entitled The Best Life Ever. Please enjoy.
Yeah, to be done. These two have take some love. A super next your heart to this world would bring me
down others off the ground. It's the best feeling. It's better than the dreams. It's the best feeling ever.
You'll see this is the this is the this is the a 30 second segment of that song
was used previously in a video posted on jw.org. We thought though you might enjoy hearing the
complete song. It is hope that the visual images of Jehovah's people enjoying a variety of
activities will reinforce every young one's determination to stay solid in the truth.
You young ones are dearly loved by Jehovah and his organization. Even at a young age you have seen
the light of truth and we commend you warmly for this. The governing body would like to leave
you children and teenagers with the encouragement found in Ephesians chapter 5 verses 8 through 10.
At the end of verse 8 it says this go on walking as children of light for the fruities of the light
consist of every sort of goodness and righteousness and truth. Keep on making sure of what is acceptable
to the Lord. For your own happy future keep on making sure that what you do and say is pleasing to
Jehovah. We look forward to using you more and more in Jehovah's organization as you grow to Christian
maturity. We hope all of you enjoyed this first transmission from JW Broadcasting. Please tune
back in during November for another interesting presentation. In the meantime be sure to check
our video on demand channels designed for your spiritual encouragement. But now we want to close
the program with this footage of some of the thousands of international convention delegates who
came to visit us here at World Headquarters. Until next time this program is coming to you from
JW Broadcasting in Brooklyn, New York.